strengthen and tone sculpt and define
everybody I'm Gigi Malibu I'm one-half
of cameras eyes hope you guys like it
we've done tonight Harry fabulous is my
other kampachi odd and we like to
incorporate 90s dance music aerobics and
crazy acrobatics who gets who's ever
against you what hammer sizes we want
you to do it we got to teach you all the
moves way to get everybody dancing
that's what's up one okay what it's open
growing up I just love to dance I just
left a move I got really into Jazzercise
robux I'm just kind of rolling with that
stuff you know and then I'm just I just
dance enough dancing dancing just like
off and lock and she break in
hammer little booty shake it's not about
what camera sites could do for us it's
about the hammer says
about us dancing about us teaching you
guys how to dance it's about teaching
you guys how to have fun again how to
play how to move how to shake it you
know just get out there and play how
buttons we just want to bring the energy
to people we want everybody amer sighs
and we want you to be here tonight we're
trying to get to Europe but we're trying
to take hammer size across to the other
side and dancing the streets for people
but in order to do that we need to raise
funds so that we can take our love of
dance and inspiring people to move and
play and be silly boy
I want to take a massage here we want to
teach people here besides we want to
spread this love spread this knowledge
spread the dance and so we need help
from you guys if you're feeling inspired
to help us out help us follow this huge
dream of ours think about how ridiculous
is it to take MC Hammer inspired
aerobics to Europe and teach people how
to hammer sighs so please if you want to
be a part of this like help make this
magic come true for GG Malibu don't
carry fabulous maybe hammer sighs hey
massage
I
body over here a party over there where
your hands in the air sake the derriere
give me words a rope it is hitman